From:	Mike Zuniga <zuniga.mike@azdeq.gov>
Sent:	Monday, August 7, 2023 11:44 AM
To:	Kori Blankenship
Subject:	Re: CTS #428616 Fwd: Form submission from: Request a Record

Hello Kori,

My apologies, the answer got lost in my emails.  They 
responded with the following:

They can look at column E, "Burn Number".  If there is a 
P at the end of the number, it is a pile burn and if it is a 
B, it is a broadcast burn.  


Enjoy your day,
Mike Zuniga
Research Analyst
Ph: 602-771-0055

 
azdeq.gov
 
Your feedback matters to ADEQ. Visit azdeq.gov/feedback


On Mon, Aug 7, 2023 at 11:39?AM Kori Blankenship <kblankenship@tnc.org> wrote:
Hi Mike,
I’m checking back in regarding the inquiry below. Were you able to find out any more information 
about distinguishing burn type?
Thanks for your help!
Kori
 
From: Mike Zuniga <zuniga.mike@azdeq.gov>  
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2023 8:33 AM 
To: Kori Blankenship <kblankenship@tnc.org> 
Subject: Re: CTS #428616 Fwd: Form submission from: Request a Record
 
Hello Kori,
 
I have been out for a few days but I will send your 
inquiry to the program and get back to you.
 
Enjoy your day,
Mike Zuniga
Research Analyst
Ph: 602-771-0055
 
 
azdeq.gov
 
Your feedback matters to ADEQ. Visit azdeq.gov/feedback
 
 
On Sat, Jul 8, 2023 at 6:12?AM Kori Blankenship <kblankenship@tnc.org> wrote:
Thank you Mike. This information will be very helpful. 
 
Is there a way to distinguish pile burning from broadcast burning? I see that sometimes “piles” is in 
the name, but I’m not sure if “pile” is in the name of all pile burns. 
 
Best regards,
Kori
 
From: Mike Zuniga <zuniga.mike@azdeq.gov>  
Sent: Friday, July 7, 2023 8:48 AM 
To: Kori Blankenship <kblankenship@tnc.org> 
Subject: Re: CTS #428616 Fwd: Form submission from: Request a Record
 
Hello Kori,
 
I received the attached list from the program regarding 
your request with the following note.
 
Attached are the prescribed burn records from 2016 to current, with the requested 
information.  
 
Most of the fields are self-explanatory, but please let me know if you have any 
questions.  One note, column G "Daily Burn Requested," is what was approved by 
ADEQ. Column H "Acres Burned" is the total number of acres blackened. 
 
ADEQ Records Management Center now considers this 
request complete.
 
Enjoy your day,
Mike Zuniga
Research Analyst
Ph: 602-771-0055
 
 
azdeq.gov
 
Your feedback matters to ADEQ. Visit azdeq.gov/feedback
 
 
On Fri, Jun 30, 2023 at 3:05?PM Mike Zuniga <zuniga.mike@azdeq.gov> wrote:
Hello Kori,
 
We have received your request and will be contacting you once the files have been 
located, please use the CTS # in the subject line to refer to your request. If you 
have any questions, please contact the Records Management Center at (602) 771-
4380.
Please Note: You can now research facilities independently from our website and 
submit record requests online. Please see the MegaSearch link at www.azdeq.gov. 
This application allows you to search records by facility name, file number, and 
address and submit a records request from the list of results. Please direct 
questions to the Records Management staff. We look forward to serving you.
 
Enjoy your day,
Mike Zuniga
Research Analyst
Ph: 602-771-0055
 
 
azdeq.gov
 
Your feedback matters to ADEQ. Visit azdeq.gov/feedback
 
 
Submitted on Thursday, June 29, 2023 - 11:17 
Submitted by anonymous user: 172.71.142.121 
Submitted values are: 
 
First Name: Kori 
Last Name: Blankenship 
Company: 
Address: 
City: 
State: 
Zip: 97703 
E-mail: kblankenship@tnc.org 
Confirm E-mail: kblankenship@tnc.org 
Phone: (406) 970-2060 
Fax: 
.... Records Information 
 
To help locate requested files please provide any details you may know 
concerning the file, for example: 
 
  * Current and/or Previous Site Name(s) 
  * Site Address 
  * ID Number (eg. RIMS, Site Code, Inspection Number, Licensing Time Frame 
    (LTF) number, Case ID, AZPDES, Inventory Number, CTS Number, Public Water 
    System Number, Task Assignment Number, etc.) 
  * ADEQ Program Responsible 
 
Enter File Details: 
I’m requesting information about burn permits issued in the state of AZ. 
Specifically, I would like information about: Date, Latitude and Longitude, 
Burn type (broadcast, pile, etc), Size (units – acres? Ha?), Information 
about whether the burn was completed or just permitted, Agency requesting the 
permit (if possible). If possible, I would like these data as far back as 
your records go in digital format to present. 
 
I previously submitted this request and received the following response: 
“You are able to retrieve this information through our Burn Permit Online 
Portal for Maricopa, Pima, and Pinal county. The remaining counties' burn 
permits would be issued by fire departments and local governments. The site 
will also have the jurisdiction list for these counties. Thank you for your 
patience. 
   http://azdeq.gov/OpenBurn” 
 
I was able to find information about requesting a burn permit at this site, 
but I could not figure out how to get information about past permits issued. 
To clarify, I do not actually need the burn permits themselves if the 
requested information is available in another format. For example, many 
states have provided me with a spreadsheet when responding to a similar 
request. I’d be happy to speak with someone to clarify this request. 
 
How Would You Like to Review the Records? Scan and Send Digitally (fee may 
apply) 
 
 
The results of this submission may be viewed at: 
https://azdeq.gov/node/219/submission/28554
